Clarified pre_delete and post_delete's origin attributes. (#19323)
django/django: docs/ref/signals.txt

    The database alias being used.

``origin``

>     The ``Model`` or ``QuerySet`` instance whose ``delete()`` method was
>     called for the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``Model`` or ``QuerySet`` instance from which the deletion originated,
    i.e. the instance whose ``delete()`` method was invoked.
```
Perhaps it's nice to say "originated" in the definition :thinking:
